com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer/display/CurrentConditionsDisplay.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer.display.CurrentConditionsDisplay
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/behaviour/quack/Squeak.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.behaviour.quack.Squeak
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/behaviour/fly/FlyWithWings.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.behaviour.fly.FlyWithWings
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer_buildin/display/CurrentTemperatureDisplay.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer_buildin.display.CurrentTemperatureDisplay
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer/data/WeatherData.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer.data.WeatherData
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer_buildin/WeatherStation.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer_buildin.WeatherStation
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/duck/RubberDuck.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.duck.RubberDuck
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer_buildin/data/TemperatureData.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer_buildin.data.TemperatureData
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/behaviour/fly/FlyRocketPower.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.behaviour.fly.FlyRocketPower
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/behaviour/quack/MuteQuack.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.behaviour.quack.MuteQuack
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/behaviour/quack/QuackBehaviour.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.behaviour.quack.QuackBehaviour
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/duck/Duck.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.duck.Duck
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer/data/Subject.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer.data.Subject
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer/Observer.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer.Observer
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/behaviour/quack/Quack.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.behaviour.quack.Quack
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/duck/MallardDuck.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.duck.MallardDuck
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer/display/DisplayElement.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer.display.DisplayElement
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/behaviour/fly/FlyBehaviour.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.behaviour.fly.FlyBehaviour
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/behaviour/fly/FlyNoWay.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.behaviour.fly.FlyNoWay
com/bishojo/designpatterns/strategy/MiniDuckSimulator.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.strategy.MiniDuckSimulator
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer/WeatherStation.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer.WeatherStation
com/bishojo/designpatterns/observer_gui/SwingObserver.java
 com.bishojo.designpatterns.observer_gui.SwingObserver
